README.md, before:

# Semantic Segmentation

### Results

#### Good examples:

| | | |
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000026.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000003.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000012.png">|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/uu_000051.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000061.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000011.png">|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000015.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000020.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000028.png">|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000034.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000076.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/uu_000022.png">|

#### Bad examples:

| | | |
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000073.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000078.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000094.png">|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000022.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000068.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000069.png">|

### Introduction
In this project, you'll label the pixels of a road in images using a Fully Convolutional Network (FCN).

### Setup
##### Frameworks and Packages
Make sure you have the following is installed:
 - [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)
 - [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
 - [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/)
 - [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org/)
##### Dataset
Download the [Kitti Road dataset](http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_road.php) from [here](http://www.cvlibs.net/download.php?file=data_road.zip).  Extract the dataset in the `data` folder.  This will create the folder `data_road` with all the training a test images.

### Start
##### Implement
Implement the code in the `main.py` module indicated by the "TODO" comments.
The comments indicated with "OPTIONAL" tag are not required to complete.
##### Run
Run the following command to run the project:
```
python main.py
```
**Note** If running this in Jupyter Notebook system messages, such as those regarding test status, may appear in the terminal rather than the notebook.

### Submission
1. Ensure you've passed all the unit tests.
2. Ensure you pass all points on [the rubric](https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/989/view).
3. Submit the following in a zip file.
 - `helper.py`
 - `main.py`
 - `project_tests.py`
 - Newest inference images from `runs` folder  (**all images from the most recent run**)
 
 ### Tips
- The link for the frozen `VGG16` model is hardcoded into `helper.py`.  The model can be found [here](https://s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/udacity-selfdrivingcar/vgg.zip)
- The model is not vanilla `VGG16`, but a fully convolutional version, which already contains the 1x1 convolutions to replace the fully connected layers. Please see this [forum post](https://discussions.udacity.com/t/here-is-some-advice-and-clarifications-about-the-semantic-segmentation-project/403100/8?u=subodh.malgonde) for more information.  A summary of additional points, follow. 
- The original FCN-8s was trained in stages. The authors later uploaded a version that was trained all at once to their GitHub repo.  The version in the GitHub repo has one important difference: The outputs of pooling layers 3 and 4 are scaled before they are fed into the 1x1 convolutions.  As a result, some students have found that the model learns much better with the scaling layers included. The model may not converge substantially faster, but may reach a higher IoU and accuracy. 
- When adding l2-regularization, setting a regularizer in the arguments of the `tf.layers` is not enough. Regularization loss terms must be manually added to your loss function. otherwise regularization is not implemented.
 
### Using GitHub and Creating Effective READMEs
If you are unfamiliar with GitHub , Udacity has a brief [GitHub tutorial](http://blog.udacity.com/2015/06/a-beginners-git-github-tutorial.html) to get you started. Udacity also provides a more detailed free [course on git and GitHub](https://www.udacity.com/course/how-to-use-git-and-github--ud775).

To learn about REAMDE files and Markdown, Udacity provides a free [course on READMEs](https://www.udacity.com/courses/ud777), as well. 

GitHub also provides a [tutorial](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/) about creating Markdown files.

Commit message:

Update README for project submission

README.md, after:

# Semantic Segmentation

### Introduction
In this project the goal is to label the pixels of a road in images using a Fully Convolutional Network (FCN).

### Results

Below are some example images that show the results of the modell. As we can see the model performs relatively well in good lighting conditions but has difficulty correctly identifying all pixels of the road when big patches of shadow are present. 

#### Good examples:

| | | |
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000026.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000003.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000012.png">|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/uu_000051.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000061.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000011.png">|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000015.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000020.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000028.png">|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000034.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000076.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/uu_000022.png">|

#### Bad examples:

| | | |
|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|:-------------------------:|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000073.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000078.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/um_000094.png">|
|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000022.png">  |  <img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000068.png">|<img width="1604" alt="screen shot 2017-08-07 at 12 18 15 pm" src="runs/1521977825.4645545/umm_000069.png">|

### Setup

##### Frameworks and Packages
Make sure you have the following is installed:
 - [Python 3](https://www.python.org/)
 - [TensorFlow](https://www.tensorflow.org/)
 - [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/)
 - [SciPy](https://www.scipy.org/)
 
 To install all the required dependencies run:
 
 ```
 make setup
 ```
 
 This will create a python3 virtaulenv and install all the required dependencies as defined in `requirements.txt`
 
##### Dataset
Download the [Kitti Road dataset](http://www.cvlibs.net/datasets/kitti/eval_road.php) from [here](http://www.cvlibs.net/download.php?file=data_road.zip).  Extract the dataset in the `data` folder.  This will create the folder `data_road` with all the training a test images.

##### Run
Run the following command to run the project:
```
python main.py
```

**Note** If running this in Jupyter Notebook system messages, such as those regarding test status, may appear in the terminal rather than the notebook.
